o my god here is some fucking space for me to write the code here and i can make a file 
where i would be writing some codes here for the heck sake.
this is the third line of code where i can put some functions which will get me some sort of work/task get done for me
god this feels awesome!
now you can add the files here.
I want you to be very much comfortable with git functions, its interface and all the features that it allows us to create with.
now here is a file that i am creating without a file name go and change the name of the code and it will let you know how you can 
do it for now and then.
  how do we create branches and how we can switch users, how can i clone the main source code and create these dev, staging and other branches
how are things connected here and how are we proposing pull request is a great deal of need for me to understand here
the keys concept. public and the private keys. All these things need to be done here and i need to get the clarity for the same 
do you understand that 
how git connects my ide like vs code to the github repository 
and all this network i need to understand for the great god's sake. do you the heck understand this or not?
  now go and practice the commands that you have learned here and there for git and linux. 
  practice and make your hands dirty with these tools and play with the code and the tools around 
the end goal is to make our code run smoothly by eliminating manual work with tools that can perform some repetitive tasks for us. they do have those functions that are 
needed for us to make our architecture work fine for us.
  make your hands dirty go! 
hold on here you are now supposed to make sure every thing is intact and things are working fine for now and then this has been the key thing to make sure that may be we are
at the correct spot at this time and then to make sure may be we are taking a great time to be at the top of our game where this could make some 
sense for this to be at the correct spot where we could make sure that may be we are at the top of our game where this could be taken a great care and attention
to 
